  WHAT IS MODEVIOUS?

With the agile progression of technology we are now at a point where just about 
any device with a web browser is capable of running JavaScript.

Rather than placing almost all of the work on the web server we are now able to 
leverage the power of individual computers to help process our web pages and 
applications.

Modevious attempts to alleviate the process of creating and maintaining web 
pages and applications that use client-based technologies to enhance our 
experience on the web.

Modevious is comprised of multiple JavaScript libraries and widgets created 
using those libraries.

However, Modevious is also a mindset: a set of logic, tips, and techniques for 
creating web sites and applications.

Modevious is not a database; it helps in interacting with one. It is also not a 
Content Management System (CMS) but can be easily integrated into many of them.

Rather, Modevious's goal is to help you rapidly create prototypes, designs, 
widgets, and applications for use on the web.

I fully support the idea that in order to learn how to write better code and 
create cleaner designs one must tinker with and experience things first-hand.

I also believe that re-inventing the wheel is usually a fruitless endeavor. 
Pulling together tools that are known to work well with each other allows for 
experimentation and thinking "outside the box." If you do want to revamp 
existing tools go ahead and join the Prototype, jQuery, and other numerous 
teams who have decided to do the same. Just please share what you have done 
with the rest of us, and we'll be glad to do the same.

Modevious was created with web developers and designers in mind, and will 
hopefully create a community that will help each other grow and enjoy what 
they do.

  ON WHAT HARDWARE DOES IT RUN ON?

Hopefully just about any configuration possible, so long as they have a modern
web browser. Mobile hardware optimization is the next big step, hoping to make
it as easy to develop for.

  DOCUMENTATION:

You can find information on the Wiki or more likely at
http://modevious.com/

I provide a "compiled" version for Modevious at its informational site, along
with support and additional documentation and example uses. The source that is
hosted on GitHub is best used for development purposes, but can be deployed 
should you wish to use the latest and greatest with the knowledge of its
unsure stability in mind.

Feature tracking is done via PivotalTracker:
<http://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/97677>

  LICENSING:

Licenses for components and libraries used can be found in /licenses.txt.
Modevious itself is intended to be open source and free to use. If anybody can
help me choose the best license to use for Modevious itself that would be
greatly appreciated. Otherwise please abide by the licensing that comes with
each component. On the same note, should you find any problems in licensing
between components that prevents use of one with another please let me know
so we can address it and choose the best course of action.